What do you mean?
Are you suspecting me by suspending my work now?
Qi Mingyuan, I tell you
Is it your paradise?
It's whatever you say.
Now all the evidence is worth it
I suspended you
Reasonable compliance
I said it's not me, it's not me
What's going on here?
It seems that Mr. Ji and Miss Ji quarreled
season
I always suspect that Miss Ji has leaked the company's experience
Suspend the eldest lady
How is that possible?
Aren't they siblings?
What's wrong with siblings
There's a lot of big houses fighting for power.
Impossible because you are a sibling
Just be soft on you
I thought technicians were different
It seems now.
It is the boundless world
I'll tell you what.
I won't let you succeed.
Uncle, I'm back.
Xiuxiu
You are back.